## What's the role of the human in AI? #card
	- Training the Model
	- UI design
	- Writing Rules
	- System Design
	- Super-visioning
	- Testing
- ## What does HCAI means? #card
  card-last-interval:: 4
  card-repeats:: 1
  card-ease-factor:: 2.6
  card-next-schedule:: 2025-09-24T17:18:32.926Z
  card-last-reviewed:: 2025-09-20T17:18:32.927Z
  card-last-score:: 5
	- Human-Centered Artificial Inteligence
- ## What's the goal of HCAI? #card
  card-last-interval:: 4
  card-repeats:: 1
  card-ease-factor:: 2.6
  card-next-schedule:: 2025-09-24T17:18:41.703Z
  card-last-reviewed:: 2025-09-20T17:18:41.704Z
  card-last-score:: 5
	- Extend the power of AI so that it amplifies and enhances human performance
- ## How to interact with AI? #card
	- Natural Language
	- Graphical Interface
	- Code
	- Gestures
	- Day to Day life (reading our data and learning our habits)
- ## What are the new roles that come of AI development? #card
	- Validator (Judge)
	- Supervisor (Annotator)
	- Collaborator (Co-operator)
	- Decision Maker (Operator, because the machine should not have the final say!!)
- ## What's data labeling and why is it important? #card
	- Data labeling is the process of giving data a meaning so that the computer can understand and learn from it. Done by humans, LOTS OF THEM!
- ## Types of data annotation? #card
	- Images: classification, object identification
	- Text: sentiment, translation, relatedness
	- Audio: transcription
- ## Annotation Consistency, how to measure? #card
	- Kappa Agreement:
	- $$\frac{p_o-p_e}{1-p_e}$$
	-
-
-
- ## What's Crowdsourcing? #card
	- It's a large group of people that work together in order to reach a certain goal or create something. Many times, its a really large group of unskilled human volunteers!
- ## Pros and Cons of crowdsourcing: #card
	- ### Pros:
		- Low cost
		- Time flexibility
	- ### Cons:
		- Lower quality/credibility
		- Risky
		- Work ethics
- ## Interpretability vs Explainable AI (Relation between accuracy and interpretability) #card
	- More accurate models are typically less interpretable